Please, please, please, no,
You can't shout well here,
As expected, I came to save you. What do you mean?
Did you do it on purpose?
I'm so sorry, I lied to you,
In fact, I give you more meaning.
I believe it, you really lied to me!
How do you put it? It's not really a military situation.
I thought you were the king of all families,
Qinghou never thought that you are nothing,
You do this all the time for nothing.
Do you know that we are full of the three societies of Hua Xing,
He persuaded everyone he came to and finally recommended him to the whole country.
I'm not so willing to do that. Really
How about roasting and drinking?
How to roast and drink
What other nonsense are you talking about?
Guan family enterprise
I believe you are dead
Don’t you know yet?
you will die soon
Tell me what you do
Now I've done you no harm
Why don't you wait for him to taste it? I'm just looking for it.
Do you think someone with a good smell can get along well?
It's like you are related in it
How can I make you go away?
Many seven introductions
You guys are here at the joint, you are also here
The last killer
It's you who decides it's me
What kind of
That's okay
Thank you for giving it to you
Otherwise my mother
What are you doing, you caught it
Then ask my mother for the apartment No. 1
But I still look good enough to be dead to you.
Whatever you want is fine
Wait until I misjudge you